Business Context
A retail store would like to understand customer behavior using their point of sale data(POS)

Data Availability
The data set we will be suing consist of 3 tables:

Customer: Customer demographic
Transactions: Customer transactions details
Product Category: Product category and sub category information

DATA PREPARATION AND UNDERSTANDING


Q1.	What is the total number of rows in each of the 3 tables in the database?

Q2.	What is the total number of transactions that have a return?

Q3.	As you would have noticed, the dates provided across the 
	datasets are not in a correct format. As first steps, pls 
	convert the date variables into valid date formats before
	proceeding ahead.
        
Q4.	What is the time range of the transaction data available for analysis? 
	Show the output in number of days, months and years simultaneously
	in different columns.


Q5.	Which product category does the sub-category “DIY” belong to?

--DATA ANALYSIS

Q1.	Which channel is most frequently used for transactions?

Q2.	What is the count of Male and Female customers in the database?

Q3.	From which city do we have the maximum number of customers and how many?

Q4.	How many sub-categories are there under the Books category?

Q5.	What is the maximum quantity of products ever ordered?

Q6.	What is the net total revenue generated in categories Electronics and Books?

Q7.	How many customers have >10 transactions with us, excluding returns?

Q8.	What is the combined revenue earned from the “Electronics” & “Clothing”
	categories, from “Flagship stores”?
        
Q9.	What is the total revenue generated from “Male” customers 
	in “Electronics” category? Output should display total revenue by 
	prod sub-cat.
        
Q10.	What is percentage of sales and returns by product sub category; 
        display only top 5 sub categories in terms of sales?


Q11.	For all customers aged between 25 to 35 years find what is the 
	net total revenue generated by these consumers in last 30 days of transactions
	from max transaction date available in the data?
        
Q12.	Which product category has seen the max value of returns in the last 3 
	months of transactions?
        
Q13.	Which store-type sells the maximum products; by value of sales amount and
	by quantity sold?
        
        
Q14.	What are the categories for which average revenue is above the overall average.

Q15.	Find the average and total revenue by each subcategory for the categories 
	which are among top 5 categories in terms of quantity sold.
